About the job
Job Title: Software Developer - AI Engineering

Department: FRS

About Business line/Function: ITG

Position Purpose

The candidate will be a part of the Transformation team who would work on AI development projects for FRS with Paris , APAC , Nar and UK.

The activity will mainly consist develop and maintenance activities.

The position is a Jr Software developer one requiring skills on Python, Oracle PL SQL with an additional understanding Ai would be an added advantage. The position will lead to develop knowledge on various financial and credit risk topics as well as BNPP information system within a motivating environment.

Responsibilities

Direct Responsibilities

Build, test, and improve AI components under guidance.

Code Development : Write clean, maintainable and efficient code. Assist in the implementation of few features and maintain the existing

Code Development & maintenance: Identify, track and resolve bugs

Documentation: Contribute to technical specifications, user manuals to ensure transparency.

Testing: Perform unit and integration testing to ensure software reliability and performance

AI Integration: Use AI tool LLM, API’s etc

Technical expertise

 Python fundamentals
 SQL basics
 API integration
 Prompt tuning and experimentation
 Unit testing and documentation

Key outputs

 Feature implementations
 Test cases
 Documentation
 Performance improvements

Contributing Responsibilities

Contribute to overall FR&S and ISPL Vision goals as directed by Team and Department Management

Specific Qualifications

Bachelor in Eng./ B-Tech/ MCA (Equivalent)

Technical Skills

Skills Referential (Required knowledge, skills and abilities)

Database : Oracle PL /SQL
Agile working Method
Unit testing, Integration testing, Acceptance testing
Python
Behavioral Skills

Ability to collaborate / Teamwork
Adaptability
Ability to deliver / Results driven
Active listening
Education Level: Bachelor Degree or equivalent

Location: Mumbai

About BNP Paribas Group

BNP Paribas is the European Union’s leading bank and key player in international banking. It operates in 65 countries and has nearly 185,000 employees, including more than 145,000 in Europe. The Group has key positions in its three main fields of activity: Commercial, Personal Banking & Services for the Group’s commercial & personal banking and several specialized businesses including BNP Paribas Personal Finance and Arval; Investment & Protection Services for savings, investment, and protection solutions; and Corporate & Institutional Banking, focused on corporate and institutional clients. Based on its strong diversified and integrated model, the Group helps all its clients (individuals, community associations, entrepreneurs, SMEs, corporates and institutional clients) to realize their projects through solutions spanning financing, investment, savings and protection insurance. In Europe, BNP Paribas has four domestic markets: Belgium, France, Italy, and Luxembourg. The Group is rolling out its integrated commercial & personal banking model across several Mediterranean countries, Turkey, and Eastern Europe. As a key player in international banking, the Group has leading platforms and business lines in Europe, a strong presence in the Americas as well as a solid and fast-growing business in Asia-Pacific. BNP Paribas has implemented a Corporate Social Responsibility approach in all its activities, enabling it to contribute to the construction of a sustainable future, while ensuring the Group's performance and stability.

About BNP Paribas India Solutions

Established in 2005, BNP Paribas India Solutions is a wholly owned subsidiary of BNP Paribas SA, European Union’s leading bank with an international reach. With delivery centers located in Bengaluru, Chennai and Mumbai, we are a 24x7 global delivery center. India Solutions services three business lines: Corporate and Institutional Banking, Investment Solutions and Retail Banking for BNP Paribas across the Group. Driving innovation and growth, we are harnessing the potential of over 10000 employees, to provide support and develop best-in-class solutions.

Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

At BNP Paribas, we passionately embrace diversity and are committed to fostering an inclusive workplace where all employees are valued, respected and can bring their authentic selves to work. We prohibit Discrimination and Harassment of any kind and our policies promote equal employment opportunity for all employees and applicants, irrespective of, but not limited to their gender, gender identity, sex, sexual orientation, ethnicity, race, colour, national origin, age, religion, social status, mental or physical disabilities, veteran status etc. As a global Bank, we truly believe that inclusion and diversity of our teams is key to our success in serving our clients and the communities we operate in. As a global Bank, we truly believe that inclusion and diversity of our teams is key to our success in serving our clients and the communities we operate in.