About the job
Job Title: AI/ML Engineer (0-1 years)Location: Bangalore, India (Hybrid)Contract: Permanent, full-time
About Us
Cyncly is a global technology powerhouse with 2,800+ employees and 70,000+ customers across 100+ countries and 46+ offices. Cyncly transforms the way customizable products and spaces are imagined, designed, sold, managed and made. Our end-to-end software solutions connect professional designers, retailers and manufacturers to the world's largest repository of product content. Today, our business spans across the Kitchen & Bath, Furniture, Window, Glass & Door, and Flooring industries with operations in North & South America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Africa.
Cyncly offers over 30 years of experience to deliver more value for our customers through an expanded portfolio of end-to-end solutions. Our global presence allows us to provide world-class support and sales with a local touch, providing the best possible customer experience.
Cyncly is now embarking on an exciting journey as we continue to expand through strong organic growth and complementary acquisitions, backed by leading growth private equity firms specializing in technology
Cyncly & the power of AI
At Cyncly, we believe in unlocking the power of AI to deliver highly personalized and extraordinary experiences for our customers and their clients.
We are on a dynamic journey of seeking exceptional talent to add critical AI models and functionality to our products used by over 17,000 customers worldwide. This is an exciting opportunity to be a part of a collaborative team that fosters continuous learning and growth, where you'll work on exciting data-driven projects that redefine the Spaces for Living industry. AI is reshaping private and business life at an unprecedented speed, and Cyncly is committed to leading the charge in delivering new sources of value for our customers.
About the Role
As a AI/ML Engineer within the AI Center of Innovation at Cyncly, you will be instrumental in designing and implementing state-of-the-art solutions utilizing AI and computer vision models.
Your role extends to crafting and deploying APIs that integrate AI model-based solutions seamlessly with client applications. You will be part of a team which is constantly involved in researching and implementing cutting edge AI based solutions which not only improves experience of our customers but also support internal users in their day-to-day tasks. Being the central AI Engineering team supporting the entire organization, it is imperative for this team to be at the forefront of innovation and individuals with R&D mindset are ideal for this role.
Design data solutions to meet business, technical and user requirements. This includes building REST APIs that meet the functional/non-functional business requirements and meets the standards.
Designing of DB schema for Vector Database and writing efficient and scalable queries.
Meet the highest quality standards in code. And evangelise code quality among the team.
Create quick POCs to demonstrate and show case the technology capabilities in solving the business need.
Building robust build and deployment pipelines using Azure DevOps tools. Working with DevOps engineers to make sure continuous integration and continuous deployment.
Understanding the cyber security threats and provide solutions to mitigate the security risks.
Trouble shooting and debugging skills to quickly identify the root causes and address the issues with both tactical and permanent solution.
Work with Data scientists and Data Engineers in understanding the end to end design of the enterprise systems. Contribute in technical discussion in providing best software solution.
Make the application scale to the demand. Help DevOps engineers in configuring and deploying in a secured and highly scalable cloud environment.
Improve the Coding standards and DevOps maturity by constantly adopting the best standards.
Maintain unit testing, integrated testing and automated test environments for quicker delivery.
Deliver on time with high quality.
Maintain technical documentation of the solution, which presents the design to various stake holders.
Provide guidance and mentoring to Interns/Freshers and other AI/ML engineers.

Required experience and qualifications:
Bachelor’s/master’s degree in computer science, MCA, AI or related fields.
0-1 year of experience in AI/ML space.
Good knowledge of python.
Some exposure to python libraries like Tensorflow, PyTorch, OpenCV, Pillow, scikit-image Familiarity with concepts of Deep Learning, Gen AI and Computer Vision
Good knowledge of SQL.
Good academic record.
Analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making skills.
Demonstrate excellent analytical and technical skills and be a good team player.
Role involves working with multifunctional teams and so excellent communication skills are a must.

Working for us
At Cyncly, we call our team OneCyncly, a reflection of how we work together as one, united by our purpose: powering businesses that bring spaces to life. Our strength comes from our diversity of experiences, perspectives, and skills - and we thrive when we work together with openness, trust, and respect.
Here, you’ll join a group of colleagues who take ownership, solve problems, and focus on making an impact. We embrace curiosity, welcome new ideas, and see mistakes as opportunities to learn. You’ll have the freedom to work flexibly and autonomously, supported by teammates and leaders who are committed to your growth.
We celebrate the different ways people contribute and encourage everyone - from every background - to bring their authentic self to work. Because when we collaborate, challenge each other, and share what we know, we build something better together.
If you want to work in a place where your ideas matter, your growth is valued, and your work shapes the spaces people live, work, and play in - come join us.