About the job
Jobs /

Python Developer

Nagpur, India

We’re looking for a Python Developer to build backend systems, automate workflows, and support data-driven products. You’ll write clean, efficient code and work with APIs, databases, and cloud tools. Strong Python skills and problem-solving mindset required.

Join us, we offer you an extraordinary chance to learn, to develop and to be part of an exciting experience and team.

Apply Now

Objectives of this role

Develop, test and maintain high-quality software using Python programming language.
Participate in the entire software development lifecycle, building, testing and delivering high-quality solutions.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify and solve complex problems.
Write clean and reusable code that can be easily maintained and scaled.

Your tasks

Create large-scale data processing pipelines to help developers build and train novel machine learning algorithms.
Participate in code reviews, ensure code quality and identify areas for improvement to implement practical solutions.
Debugging codes when required and troubleshooting any Python-related queries.
Keep up to date with emerging trends and technologies in Python development. 

Required Skills And Qualifications

0 + 1 year of experience as a Python Developer with a strong portfolio of projects.
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or a related field.
In-depth understanding of the Python software development stacks, ecosystems, frameworks and tools such as Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, Dask, spaCy, NLTK, sci-kit-learn and PyTorch.
Experience with front-end development using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
Familiarity with database technologies such as SQL and NoSQL.
Excellent problem-solving ability with solid communication and collaboration skills.

Preferred skills and qualifications

Experience with popular Python frameworks such as Django, Flask or Pyramid.
Knowledge of data science and machine learning concepts and tools.
A working understanding of cloud platforms such as AWS, Google Cloud or Azure.
Contributions to open-source Python projects or active involvement in the Python community.

What's great in the job?

Real-World Experience: Work on live projects that impact real users and businesses.
Mentorship: Learn directly from experienced professionals and get guidance to build your engaging career.
Career Advancement: Opportunities to grow into specialized roles, and add learning to your job.
Exposure to cross-functional collaboration in a data-driven company.
A dynamic and supportive work environment focused on learning and growth.

Degree

MUST

Work Type

FULL TIME

Payroll

ON COMPANY

Job Type

PERMANENT

Team / Company Size

10 / 40 people

Work Type

Office

Level type

Level 0

Company Growth

50% YoY

Need More Info?

About Us
The culture
Connect on Linkedin

Benefits

Healthcare, dental, vision, life insurance, yoga, fitness

PTOs

Vacation, Sick, and paid leaves

Save on commute

Use metro from any corner of Nagpur to reach office in 20 - 30 min

Learn to Grow

At CLIDE you not only apply your skill but at the same time upgrade your skill

Prime location

Near Vasudev Nagar Metro Station, MIDC Hingna Naka, Nagpur

Sponsored Events

Online webinar for upgrading the competency and skill

Sport Activity

Play any sport with colleagues and the bill is covered

Eat & Drink

Enjoy eating and joy of having indian food together

Services

Product Overview
Enterprise
SME Business
Support
Solution
FAQ
Support
Updates

Event
Insights
Job
Partner
Become a partner
Find a partner
Product Video
CLIDE Analyser

Mobile
Feature
Cloud Platform
Contact Us
Request for demo
Talk to Sales
Policies
Connect with us

Contact us
 07122244488
 info@clideg.com 

CLIDE Analyser LLC - About us

We are a team of passionate people whose goal is to improve everyone's life through disruptive products. We build great products to solve your business problems.

Our products are designed for small to medium size companies willing to optimise their performance.