About the job
Job Title

Software Engineer – AI Software & Platform

Organization

Role Overview

AI Software and Platform Engineering:

We are looking for a Software Engineer to join Cisco’s AI Software and Platform

organization. In this role, you will work on building and maintaining scalable, distributed

software platforms that power next-generation AI-driven services. You will collaborate

with experienced engineers, learn industry-leading technologies, and contribute to real-

world, large-scale systems used by customers globally.

This role is ideal for engineers early in their careers who are eager to learn, grow, and

work on complex, cloud-scale platforms.

Key Responsibilities

Software Development & Platform Engineering

 Design, develop, test, debug, and maintain AI and Platform software, including

components for distributed systems & microservices.

 Contribute to the development of new product features and applications across

multiple platforms.

 Implement software modules independently under guidance, following

established architecture and design patterns.

 Write clean, maintainable, and well-documented code in Go, Python, or other

relevant languages.

 Develop stateless, scalable services for data ingestion, processing, parsing, and

storage within a distributed SaaS platform.

 Develop HTTP gateways and services that interact with data stores such as

MySQL, NoSQlDb, and Redis.

 Develop automated test plans and participate in system-level testing.

Cisco Confidential

 Basic knowledge of AI technologies and industry trends, including concepts

such as Model Context Protocol (MCP), AI Agents, Agentic AI, and their

application in modern software platforms.

Minimum Qualifications

 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field (or

equivalent experience).

 Strong foundation in data structures, algorithms, and software engineering

principles.

 Experience with at least one programming language such as Go, Python, Java,

or C++.

 Basic understanding of distributed systems, networking concepts, and cloud

technologies.

Preferred Qualifications

 Exposure to microservices, containers, and orchestration tools (Docker,

Kubernetes).

 Understanding of networking protocols (HTTP/HTTPS, TCP/IP, SMTP).
 Experience with databases (SQL or NoSQL) and messaging systems.
 Interest in AI-driven platforms, cloud-scale systems, and network security.

Why Join Us

 Work on real-world, large-scale AI and software platforms used by customers

worldwide.

 Learn from experienced engineers in a collaborative, growth-focused

environment.

 Gain hands-on experience with modern cloud, AI, and distributed systems

technologies.

 Build a strong foundation for a long-term engineering career at Cisco

Cisco Confidential

Why Cisco?

At Cisco, we’re revolutionizing how data and infrastructure connect and protect organizations in the AI era – and beyond. We’ve been innovating fearlessly for 40 years to create solutions that power how humans and technology work together across the physical and digital worlds. These solutions provide customers with unparalleled security, visibility, and insights across the entire digital footprint.

Fueled by the depth and breadth of our technology, we experiment and create meaningful solutions. Add to that our worldwide network of doers and experts, and you’ll see that the opportunities to grow and build are limitless. We work as a team, collaborating with empathy to make really big things happen on a global scale. Because our solutions are everywhere, our impact is everywhere.

We are Cisco, and our power starts with you.